# Status-update
## Week 2
This past week, we held several team meeting with the team lead, Nevon Song and other students that will be contributing to the Levigo project from other institutions. We developed a slack channel where we can stay in contact and share documents. It has proven to be a useful tool for sharing important information and coordinating our meetings. This week we coordinated different research topics and generalized each of our contributions for the rest of the semester. This week, Iconducted research on a CI/CD pipeline that could help us develop a bug free code for Levigo. Developing a CI/CD pipeline could help us automate many of the steps in the software delivery. I also did research on tools for testing app development. Since Levigo will be in early development, we expect many bugs initially. To help mitigated this issue we hope to use tools for app testing to easily identify these bugs. Lastly, we held an android studio introduction to help us all become more familiar with it. 

## Week 3
This past week, I spent a significant amount of time practicing HTML. Since I did not have much of an opportunity to contribute to the project, I thought this would be a good chance to develop my coding skills. I used Code Academy and watched several YouTube tutorials to begin to learn the basics of HTML. I began by learning how to format things in HTML like headers and other basics of webpage development. I also began watching YouTube tutorials of other basic front end languages like CSS and Javascript. I hope to continue practicing and learning with the use of Code Academy and further extend my logic to fully being able to use HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Along with this, I conducted some research on barcode scanning technology and tools for testing app development on the Android operating system. 

## Week 4
This past week, I spent some time testing the Levigo App. With the use of a Samsung Android phone and Android studio simulators we were able to successfully test the app by scanning barcodes of real medical equipment. These barcodes were provided by Nevon through photos. I tested several different brands of medical equipment. When testing them we considered how quickly the barcode would scan, if it would autofill the data, and how accurate the information was. I found that the app was somewhat inconsistent in terms of whether it scanned the barcode or not. When scanning the pictures of the barcodes, it was more reliable when the barcodes were scanned off of a cellphone compared to a computer. Also, I found that one medical equipment brand was successfully scanned more consistently than the others. Further testing may be needed to discover if these inconsistent were a result off picture quality. Lastly, the barcode scanner was not as quick as we would have hoped. However, for the barcodes the app successfully scanned the autofill feature worked well. This week I also worked on writing a test script to automate the code with one of my teammates. Lastly, I joined the design team for the Levigo app because currently the app UI is plain.

## Week 5
This past week, I learned how to make a Mark Down file on github. This commit would allow me to show my documentation contributions to the Levigo project. Besides making the commit on Github I performed slight test on the Levigo app this week. I tested it to see if any changes had been made to fix some of the problems we had when testing that app last week. Some of these problems included the inconsistency of the app and it not always being able to auto populate product details. This week we also applied a fresh user operating system to the app to make it more appealing and creative. To learn more about app design, I returned to Code Academy to continue learning about HTML and CSS. As I approach the end of these courses on Code Academy, I began learning JavaScript. I wanted to learn more about the front end and back end aspects of coding. 

## Week 6
This past week, I made a few more repositories on GitHub for documentation of some of the apps progress. I also made some commits on my previous repositories. Also, I worked on the automated test script that will be used for the Levigo app. The test script will be continuously integrated in the code. To learn more about continuous integration, I conducted some research to learn how it could be applied and how to make an automated testing code. Thank fully we also had a bonus session last week that discussed continuous integration that was very helpful. My team also had our mid-semester meeting with Dr. Turner. We were able to discuss the app and answer any questions that Dr. Turner had for us. We got the opportunity to demonstrate the app and essentially do a live demo during our meeting. Dr. Turner also gave some suggestion to further develop Levigo.

## Week 7

## Week 8
This past week, I made a repository on GitHub for documentation of some of the testing results. I also made some commits on my previous repositories. I implemented some of the previous research that I had done earlier on for barcodes when I first joined the project. This week me and my teammate finally decided that a continuous automated test script would not be useful at this time. Since the app is small and easy to test manually, we decided to abandon the test script that we had been working on. This week me and my team also developed the presentation that we would give for RCOS. We created a well made Google Slides presentation that discussed the purpose of RCOS, what we developed on the Levigo this semester working on the project, and even the current competitors for Levigo. In the presentation we also discussed each of our own contributions and how our project was organized. For the presentation we filmed several demos of the app and conducted testing of several medical equipment barcodes. I also filmed a demo for some clients that would be soon testing the app in a real medical setting.

## Week 9
This past week, I made the repository for documenting the testing results of the Levigo app through and android device. I started documenting on Github the testing results that we have recorded throughout the semester on slack and anything that may have been mentioned on Firebase. Besides this I made some other commits on some of my other repositories to document other progress too. This week we also finished our Levigo presentation and practiced it several times outside of class. On Tuesday we presented our project to class and discussed various subjects like the project description, progress that we made this semester, future developments, competing apps, and our individual contributions. 
